questions:

    1. ***business school
        //If you want to do business, you should go to a business school.
    2. ***medical_school
        //If you want to be a doctor, you should go to a medical school.
    3. ***drama school
        //you should go to a drama school, if you wan to perform on stage.
    4. ***music school
        //If you want to make music, you should go to a music school.
    5. flight school
        //You should go to a flight school, if you want to be a pilot.
    6. ***art school
        //If you want to be an artist, you should go to an art school.
    7. ***engineering school
        //We want to invent new things, so we're going to an engineering school.
    8. ***film school
        //If you want to be a director, you should go to a film school.
    9. ***beauty school
        //You should go to a beauty school, if you want to become a makeup artist.
    10. ***technical school
        //My brother goes to a technical school in Bangkok.
    11. ***Law_school
        //You should go to a law school, if you want to become a lawyer.
    12. ***language school
        //If you want to learn English, you should go to a language school.
m///
If you want to do business, you should go to a business school.

f///
If you want to be a doctor, you should go to a medical school.

m///
You should go to a drama school, if you wan to perform on stage.

f///
If you want to make music, you should go to a music school.
        
m///
You should go to a flight school, if you want to be a pilot.

f///
If you want to be an artist, you should go to an art school.

m///
We want to invent new things, so we're going to an engineering school.

f///
If you want to be a director, you should go to a film school.

m///
You should go to a beauty school, if you want to become a makeup artist.

f///
My brother goes to a technical school in Bangkok.

m///
You should go to a law school, if you want to become a lawyer.

f///
If you want to learn English, you should go to a language school.


